
name: Keenan Clegg and Lauren Kersten | time to complete: 10 hours | additional help: Dr. Mishra

Reflection
===========

Reflecting on this project we believe we both learned a lot, whether it was choosing our dataset, getting the data ready, going through training, validation, and testing, or working on the presentation we were learning something new. We believe this project would benefit most companies because it deals with features of employees and their income. This project could be used to choose employee salaries based on certain features of said employee. Using this model can be used from a Christian perspective as well. Companies could use our model to avoid being greedy and under paying their employees. The Bible says ”Greed troubles the household” (cf. Proverbs 15:27) as well as “A relentless pursuit of wealth never satisfies” (cf. Ecc. 5:10). Using our model can help higher ups in the business world lean into these verses. However our model is not one hundred percent reliable. One limiting factor our model has is the features we chose. It does not count every ethnicity in the “race” column but has the option of others which could be more specific. Again, our model might not be the best model to use because companies must conform to our features and can’t choose their own. The whole idea behind a “Data Evangelist” is to help others through data. We believe our project demonstrates this well as our model can be used to help employees, businesses, and bosses. The other characteristic of a “data evangelist” is a passion for data. We think we both found a deeper passion for data even through some of the struggles of the project. Some of the difficult parts of the project included: understanding the content, finding meeting times, and making sure we had all the deliverables done correctly. When it comes to understanding the content it became easier as time went on. This is due, largely to learning the content in class. It was hard to work ahead for this project because we hadn’t yet learned the content of the project in class yet. Another struggle was finding times to meet. With two people in two different majors one being a student athlete and one being a PA it was often hard to meet. We found ways around this by sending each other our code we were working on through email. Lasty, we struggled with making sure we were completely done with the project and that all of our deliverables were correct. Several times we thought we were done or close to being done then reread the project guidelines to find out we had skipped a step or forgot to include something somewhere. Throughout this project we were able to apply what we had been learning throughout the year to one large project that could potentially help others. 

